stereotype I would say that she is the single one
Because also because of the sincerely because of the
color we are finishing watching the
evening virus versus monkey and it makes me think
someone is racist because Argentina
[ __ ] didn't have it please if you also
know how to play the piano why don't you play for me
bye it hasn't been a temporary occurrence I
don't know if it was Karime or who tells me the guy
from the youtubers union is messing with you
and I was like this I
say
youtubers union who is it I don't know if you
remember but a few
months ago this video came out look here with the one
from ugt The shrimp eater all the ones with the little
payments is worth it with a group of influencers
that nobody sees the usual thing a
group of progressive payments that want to be
youtubers, in other words they want to get on
camera get views and earn millions
like Ebay and that's it a union is worth it
but look at the little things they asked for eh
Look they complained like the algorithm
wasn't fair and they wanted an algorithm that
was distributed based on the visits that the
communists These are like consumers
versus the arbitrary ones
of visits and I just  three that I have
the same right because I want to be a
creator and I want a job that they
were asking you for a minimum
interprofessional wage on YouTube [ __ ] around is
that I can't become self-employed
literally I mean I have 500 and now I
become self-employed I earn 300 it doesn't make sense
gosh
what I thought I was never going to run away eh Ah
never against taxes man I
am a socialist yes a lot of taxes and I
wish they were higher
I like to pay taxes you know
why he likes to pay taxes because he doesn't
pay them it's time for the
community of creators to build their
future you join us
today yesterday tomorrow go eat shrimp out
there with your straws and your
things
it's a guy because lately Well, I don't know I
see it everywhere I think that being
progressives they viralize the Twitter account more
and that's why it must be and suddenly he came
out of nowhere with his progressive things
his feminist things but it turns out
that the guy racist but racist as
hell he actually appeared in the
video on the main Channel because of these
statements it won't be Mexico if I
could I
yes yes
[Music]  I
already went to Gibraltar to see monkeys Well
now to Mexico the guy is racist but the
guy is a sexist racist I also found
something here I was just walking around
because I challenged him to a debate
check out the ally Hey Rami have you thought
that the best way for me to stop
getting spots is to tell your [ __ ]
mother to stop cooking like
[ __ ] so that it doesn't hurt my
skin after going to give her the happiness
that she doesn't give her son by posting
stupid things on Twitter look at the ally okay well Well it
turns out that he
tells me that this guy who I imagine
is of course simple from Avi and since these
days we have been talking about Avi like a
good ally who writes on Twitter the
same nonsense the same crap and
with the same spelling as all the
allies and they have the same little things you are
going to remember the league of cowards and
all the idiots these progressives do you
remember the league of cowards who wrote the
same way the same pattern they mention my
son for the [ __ ] face I mean  you always
do the same [ __ ] thing and now you challenge them to
debate I have to go to bed the challenges to
debate you catch me going to bed that you talk
about puppies to someone who gives their
opinion to someone who gives their opinion okay
one who called me a scavenger that I'll
sell myself for four [ __ ] that I have no
dignity and calls me a Dallas puppy
David's editor is messing with me
for yesterday's scavenger tweet
oh no I don't want to know anything about that epidemic, I mean don't even
mention it to me I mean
I'm going to bathe his chat name right now There ca
n't be more of a youtuber
and a streamer than a [ __ ] shame
being 40 years old Javi you're going to see this
100% a kiss dude
scavenger who are you to call
a person a scavenger because they make
news the youtuber gossip but
not current news and I find out after a
while no at all a few minutes later
Avi's editor quotes me again
historical argument Dallas puppy
the allies have one thing in common and
it's the obsession it's like a wild card  that they
have the Jack horse King the Dallas
when one of his ideology is an
abuser is one but some of
those things I have never met him I have never
been his roommate but Dalas
in the [ __ ] mouth Dala puppies of course
I want to upload it so that they can
argue with me here and he tells me
Dallas puppy apart from not knowing how to read he has no
dignity since he sells for two euros on the
internet that I seeing my dignity I have
said at some point that I would
cheat on my partner for 10 million
or that he cheats on me because they are 10
million and what does it matter to [ __ ] that I
sell my dignity you are a scavenger
because you have no relevance if you do not talk
about another edit garbage @ gma Total that I have
simply put this you eh It
has no relevance if you do not talk about another
Sincerely the puppy of the ex of
orslock and girlfriend of karcher I go to
where I sauce you and I find
that I have a tweet of the ball of [ __ ]
this is [ __ ] [ __ ] that I
am calling someone who gives their
opinion a dog you are a ball of [ __ ] anuk no
I like to insult But I'm telling you this
in response to you that I'm
calling someone's opinion a dog, I
mean, these people are really [ __ ]
when you've had Dallas's dick in your
mouth and other creators in order to
survive for years it's probably
the most ironic thing I've ever read. Of course,
when this guy jumps on me and tells me that
the most ironic thing is that I've had
many streamers' dicks in my mouth, I
said, but if this one is known for being
Yo Juan's little dog and Ibai's little dog, I
mean, he's literally been
Ibai's moderator, sucking his dick
deep throat for years, sucking up to him
the biggest way,
bragging all the time about being the
moderator Divine, but if you see
the level of [ __ ] sucking that
Juan does, 24 hours tweeting
nonsense praising him, well, let this character upload this
character here to my live stream and let's talk, let's
see who sucks his dick, who, let me
argue and show me where I suck his
dick, Who's Dalas and half the
YouTube community according to him and
I show him what the yo's pet  in
fact they know him as the yoga dog
that dog of yo Juan and then he
has like affection in the community and they
always write So when
Juan's dog appears in the Stream then they
put it on W That's the Lore and it moves a
lot because of course 60,000 people and
all this testament W and I'm laughing man I
mean he's famous in the community because he has
been the Ebay dog and now
the parliamentary language has adopted him
[Applause]
Total that he says By the way XD and girlfriend of
leaves you like a buffoon of you are stupid
and girlfriend of that's what your friend is and you
will never get close Nor will you do
Oslo stops being without what happens not
in Orlo's ex is not Karcher's girlfriend
who was looking forward to
announcing it But you know what the worst thing is that
you are a [ __ ] racist who calls
people from Latin America monkeys without
context because that's what he thinks Because
all the sexist and racist allies
like you act super progressive
when they have a lot of [ __ ] under the
rug and your friend Avi the other day
was trying to
auronplay will be canceled for a black joke what the [ __ ] is
auron doing well he's been
posting a lot of pictures lately
the expression on his face
and you in his live being racist without
any context and without
any explanation and without being humor no In short I
tell him clearly that I'm a dog come
debate that I love debates I
knew he wasn't going to come it's typical of
those people okay he answers me after a while and
says today I can't I'm out that they
invited me to the comedy but another day
we fight to see if I can convince you to
pay more than three dollars to your Editors
you don't have a [ __ ] idea what
any of the people who are
with me earn or how much I give to people man
but it turns out that I start
investigating a little about you and you have
like a discord group where
job offers are made to Editors and
miniaturers because you are the king of
the allies of the youtubers union
no also andorra is a
parasitic state I mean it shouldn't exist and you
put here like some price tables
nothing I got involved for a stinking moment let's see I'm
going to  see but what are the ads
that are offered here and such no and it turns
out that I find this
job offer for Editors payment per hour
12.8 per average edition plus
4.5 per hour of Gross gross whoever takes
this offer
4.5 or in total not 20 euros for an
hour of Gross nor 20 euros for an hour
of Gross This is what I wanted
you to explain to me here live that you have no
balls when I see this [ __ ]
[ __ ] that they have invited him I look at it and it
turns out I know that it is an event ajn like
one of these stand-up comedy shows that
nobody goes to that by the way you haven't sold
tickets colleagues you have ruined I don't know what the
[ __ ] this comedy con is but you haven't
sold tickets that nobody knows you
no that you've come up with something now I'm going
to explain why Anyway I
told him don't worry you piece of racist
that I'll wait for you that ends in nothing You
notify me by DM and after a while he picks up and says I've
already told you something Do you know what that
something was that he told me  I
swear I've already told you something I'm going to md
today it's impossible I've been left it's been like
this but of a liar liar lie
I don't like to bring up
private conversations ever you know But well it
's an Absurd conversation that doesn't have
the greatest relevance But simply so you can
see how these [ __ ] cowards are that act like
bullies and
something when they feel protected by the
mob okay And they are Pieces of
[ __ ] what do you want the
debate to consist of open me okay and I say Hi
What time are you arriving and he says today it's impossible I've
been and I say to him Hahaha tomorrow what
time and he says first of all What do you
want to talk about let's see if you are
very cool No well you come here you tell me
here to my face what you're telling me
on Twitter so I can respond and
I can put you in your place when you
put this to me of I've already told you
something well obviously I
answered him with the screenshot
so that everyone can see what he
had answered me So it was the something and he
puts me Ah he deleted the tweet he
deleted the twist the [ __ ]  rat when you
put the shrimp I already have the catch it is
clear that pig what turns me on Look you are
a note I understand that they don't invite you to
things move aside Shakira move aside Piqu
Madonna Move aside, anu is coming, they
invited him to the comedy Kong which we
don't know what the [ __ ] it is but it
hasn't sold a ticket and he has 800
followers on Twitter The comedy wait
for nug because now I remember that they
eliminated you before me or after the
squid game which I don't remember
churra Bills a [ __ ] clown a
starving man what a lot of bread one day that the guy
from asking for straws for the
youtubers my parents have paid 20 times
the taxes that you have paid in your
life Ah I've always liked this eh
like merits that are not mine apart from the fact that I have
a [ __ ] climber, I mean he's been
sucking his balls there me Juan and eBay
to see how he could gain a little bit of
repercussion you know what I'm saying and the
guy now suddenly has 2000
[ __ ] likes And  He thinks he's the [ __ ] Rubius
is in your chat Javi is here but
talking or is he just watching
the live the [ __ ] cowardly Communist
YouTube I will share the income with you if you
told me that I couldn't that you had
stayed Your plans have been ruined we
want to talk to you Racist King But
why isn't it uploaded the
Paramount comedy where he was also invited you
have already taken the position from
broncano de la resistencia How can I
see the messages that I have
written I will take care of it
new follower You are a crack greetings you
triple my followers and I have given you a
ratio in the short chat he is handsome or
what do we have in bed watching you Javi you
have brightened my night keep it up but the
plans have not been made what are you
doing in bed Not here in this
partying
but what are we going to talk through the
chat we are here and we are going to watch a movie
But this is better I did well with
being a feminist Thanks for the promo But
why hasn't it uploaded Incredible how
progressives are only [ __ ] on Twitter Yeah yeah
literally come on let's not let us
all follow you come on  We'll talk tomorrow
Javi, don't get angry. I know you need to
eat, man. The one who doesn't need to eat
is you, but come now, I mean, to be and jerk off
or do whatever, I mean, the
guy, the [ __ ] Geek,
important Geek, the [ __ ] cowardly Geek who
takes off his pants, I mean, the [ __ ] Geek
took off and said first that he
couldn't because he was invited to the
comedy show, the second that later on he
couldn't because he had a date and the third
is here, the guy watching us in the
dark, he made you ratios Javi, you have to
go on the internet, man. Of course he
did it to me quickly, I'm the terror of the
worst like you. But come on, you do it to me quickly,
and the one with 2,000
followers did it to me too, I mean, he went to his
room to see me since it reminds me of La Rana, you
know the one with the frog who sits
with his blanket like this, watching the computer,
watching a YouTube video, you're a genius. I
understand that they don't invite you to things
because you're irrelevant, but don't come here to be a
pain in the ass and take care of your son, this is
where the [ __ ] rat already shows  the [ __ ]
rat that is why do you have to mention
a minor because you always have to be
like that the guy sent me a photo to
prove that he is with someone with
long hair
in this garage wherever he sleeps
or in other words he has had time to learn the
laptop he
took a photo lying down wherever he is
to prove to me that
[Music]
[Laughter]
these feminists are getting weirder and weirder
First he told me that he couldn't that he
was at the comedy show with that girl then that he
had met up later it turns out he
's in his room whatever that is
watching us laugh at him he can't be
more pitiful you are
literally my father dude I'm laughing my
ass off but are you going to go up or are you going to stay
there watching us I'm not going up Javi
damn what do I have to do with a child
too but whatever Ah no your argument let's
see if I understand Well it's really
making me feel bad you're not going to go
up how disgusting no I mean totally
really trying after having
insulted me after having mentioned me
as a father after having been a
racist you put 8000  excuses that have
been lies to not upload And now it turns
out you're trying to act like a
pimp because you smoke to make me a pimp
Patricia's diary that was
funny dude what else sends a picture of
a person with long back hair
to try to justify that you're with
a woman you piece of incel that you're here
in the chat saying that you're going to [ __ ] today
and literally I'm in charge of your
[ __ ] schedule, I mean literally you're there
waiting for us to talk about you
suffering so you can [ __ ] or not Wherever you are
eh is laughing at you
what does the forera say that deceiving you by not
uploading after insulting you and after
getting scared is laughing at you they always
have the same stupid excuses dude three
mental years look at the argument the
guy has uploaded a picture of who
knows who from behind to show
that he has long hair and it turns out he
's laughing At what part of the
conversation was it good At what
part pixit ah no you're not going to upload you're not
very funny it says
jsajsajsa you are very based on Twitter no
Ah no this is the message no It's no
Okay, you already have videos, I'm going to sleep. It
's time. He went from being a guy
who asks for straws, who asks for Justice with
the YouTube algorithm according to these people,
no, the brutal argument, you're a
note. I understand that they don't invite you to things because you're irrelevant, but don't come here to give for, take care of your son. Wow, listen to me, they gave him his croquette, eh, we almost forgot to comment, eh. But anyway, there it is, it is the brutal argument of the guy in
Javi. Ah, with Olivairas, if I'm
laughing at him,
I don't feel like it, I have nothing. Haha, I wanted to
talk about, I don't know, machismo,
isogyny, feminism. Okay, I can get
a little carried away to talk about some serious topic,
but to talk about why
Dallas sucks his dick, when it's a question of
visuals, I don't feel like it. The truth is, I'm
fine. This is what they're worth, man, they're not worth
a [ __ ] [ __ ] and that's why they never come to
a debate because they're mythomaniacs.
[Music]